1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
Answer: What would be the overall trends between milkshake and hamburger?
Why is milkshake the top trend?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/home

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
May 30 -June, 30, 2023
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
oct 31- Nov 30, 2004

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? 
May 31 - June 30, 2017
What is the lowest dip?
Feb 29 - Mar 31, 2004

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
The line for milkshake was right underneath the trend line for hamburger. The graph looks more separated than before.
 
5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
The Milkshake line changed because of the year and what people liked. 

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?
The Hamburger and Break up line both increase around the same decade.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
They are pretty similar/ parallel around the same amount of years.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
The article is very Distinctive and precise concerning how people like or love milkshakes, hamburger, and Breakup.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore"

9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv

. OPTIONAL: Spend a little more time exploring Google Trends results for other
“breakup foods” listed in the article. Some more food for thought:
a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a
term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this
raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”,
then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”
a) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop
culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or
“olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search
behavior might represent?
It is way more sophisticated and cross roaded in a manner of speaking. The lines intertwine in 2-3 different points along the years.
